Mitchell Patin and Samantha Rack
Nov 25 2013
Lab 9

This program prompts the user for 20 strings under 15 characters in length. The user 
can enter '.' to indicate they are done entering words. With this list of words, the 
program creates a solved crossword puzzle with the words intersecting each other. 
The program then blanks the board so the user can play and display clues at the 
bottom with the words jumbled. The words entered must be less than 16 characters in 
length and only contain alphabetic characters. Otherwise, the program will display 
an error message and prompt the user for another input. If all of the words cannot 
be placed, an error message will be displayed and the words already placed will be 
displayed.

The main funciton defines a variety of arrays including the solved and unsolved 
boards as well as the list of words and their clues. The main method then calls 
get_words to prompt the user for their list of words. Using this list, the program 
calls initialize board to fill the board with periods. place_words then places the 
words in the correct manner on this solved board. The solved board is then printed 
for the user to see. After this, the board is blanked using the blank_board 
function. This unsolved board is then printed for the user to solve on paper. 
make_clues is then called to jumble the words. Lastly, print_clues displays this 
list, the starting location and the orientation of each word. To verify that the 
output of the program was correct, we used a variety of inputs with errors 
attempting to trick the program. In addition, we carefully checked each function's 
reliability at the time it was created. 
